Tart Tiger Okapi

high

# Due to missing checks on minimum gas passed through LayerZero, executions can fail before reaching destination chain, blocking the channel

## Summary

An important feature of Stargate is to allow the recipient of the swap to execute arbitrary logic. They pass a bytes payload during swap(), and it will be sent to the sgReceive() entry point. The swapper pays for dstGasForCall, the amount of gas that's passed for recipient execution.

Stargate recommends calling `quoteLayerZero` in order to get the estimate of the gas needed for the transaction to go through based on the payload, type of operation, amount, chain, etc. 

Since WOOFi utilizes Stargate whose architecture is built on top of LayerZero, it's important that execution of a swap doesn't revert at the Bridge level - if it does, no other payloads in the source Bridge <-> destination Bridge pathway on the user application can be delivered until the current payload is resolved.

Since an unbeknownst or a malicious user can pass less gas then needed, as `quoteLayerZero()` isn't a mandatory step of the swap process and no minimum gas checks are performed (besides that `msg.value is` <= than the `SrcInfos.fromAmount` in case of native token), if a swap fails/reverts at the bridge level, it will be stored in the `cachedSwapLookup` on the Stargate router, and the source <-> destination channel on the user application (WOOFi) won't be operational until the message has been cleared by calling `clearCachedSwap` and paying for the needed gas, since messages are ordered by a nonce / refId.

## Vulnerability Detail

In WOOFi's case, when we want to do a `crossSwap` there's no path enforced which automatically calls `quoteLayerZero` before we call `crossSwap()` and `msg.value` (after swap fees have been subtracted) is passed to the `_bridgeByStargate`:

```solidity
 _bridgeByStargate(refId, to, msgValue, bridgeAmount, srcInfos, dstInfos, dst1inch);
```

After that `_bridgeByStargate()` calls `stargateRouter.swap()`:

```solidity
  stargateRouter.swap{value: msgValue}(
            dstInfos.chainId, // dst chain id
            sgInfo.sgPoolIds(sgInfo.sgChainIdLocal(), srcInfos.bridgeToken), // bridge token's pool id on src chain
            sgInfo.sgPoolIds(dstInfos.chainId, dstInfos.bridgeToken), // bridge token's pool id on dst chain
            payable(_msgSender()), // rebate address
            bridgeAmount, // swap amount on src chain
            dstMinBridgeAmount, // min received amount on dst chain
            obj, // config: dstGasForCall, dstAirdropNativeAmount, dstReceiveAirdropNativeTokenAddr
            dstWooCrossChainRouter, // smart contract to call on dst chain
            payload // payload to piggyback
        );
```

The `obj` seen above can be configured with user-defined parameters, it's not mandatory for it to be the results of the `quoteLayerZeroFee` function call.

If a protocol is built on top of Stargate, and a swap transaction has been "under-gassed" either purposefully or by accident, an error will be received on the destination chain. If `sgReceive` fails,  the payload is stored in Stargate’s Router `cachedSwapLookup` and can be retried by calling `clearCachedSwap` function. It wouldn't roll back on the source chain.

The above is related to how LayerZero's cross-messaging system works and any exception thrown from the user's sgReceive(), stores the error in a local cache in the router.

Also if the called contract would result in an OOG error, the bridge executors would have to perform refunds with the remaining 1/64 gas which is not going to be sufficient (due to the 63/64 rule), more info: https://www.rareskills.io/post/eip-150-and-the-63-64-rule-for-gas 

The concern is with is whether the final 1/64 remaining at that point in time is sufficient for storing the failed payload as well.

There's also the case that a user can purposefully cause these blockages with dust amounts and enough gas for it to fail on a bridge level. 

More resources:

https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/learning-by-breaking-a-layerzero-case-study-part-2 
https://layerzero.gitbook.io/docs/faq/messaging-properties


## Impact
Swap transactions which are purposefully and/or by mistake sent with less gas than required can fail on a bridge level (sgReceive fails the payload) resulting in stored payload on the Stargate router which would have to be manually cleared (and the gas paid for) before normal operations resume with WOOFi swaps between that source and destination chain. A sub-problem is if the transaction results in an out-of-gas error, and the bridge executors would have to perform a refund with the remaining 1/64th of the gas which is not going to be sufficient. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L141
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L183-L204
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L242-L267
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Validate/require that the `dstGasForCall` and `msg.value` parameter is greater than the fees/gas needed to perform the swap or re-engineer the architecture to make the `quoteLayerZeroFee` a mandatory step of the process.
