Eager Seafoam Deer

medium

# Insufficient slippage control

## Summary

In the `WooCrossChainRouterV4` contract, when performing a local swap on the source chain (if `srcInfos.fromToken` differs from `srcInfos.bridgeToken`), there's no explicit slippage control for the swap operation. This lack of slippage control might result in receiving an amount of `bridgeToken` that could be significantly less than expected due to market volatility, leading to unfavorable exchange rates for the user.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract performs a swap through either the WOOFi router (`wooRouter.swap`) or an external 1inch router (`wooRouter.externalSwap`) when the source token is not the same as the bridge token. However, this operation does not explicitly enforce a slippage tolerance, potentially exposing users to high slippage risks.

## Impact

Without proper slippage control, users might receive an amount of `bridgeToken` lower than anticipated, affecting the efficiency and attractiveness of the cross-chain swap service. This can result in financial loss for users and potentially diminish trust in the platform.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
if (srcInfos.fromToken != srcInfos.bridgeToken) {
    TransferHelper.safeApprove(srcInfos.fromToken, address(wooRouter), srcInfos.fromAmount);
    if (src1inch.swapRouter != address(0)) {
        // external swap via 1inch
        bridgeAmount = wooRouter.externalSwap(
            src1inch.swapRouter,
            src1inch.swapRouter,
            srcInfos.fromToken,
            srcInfos.bridgeToken,
            srcInfos.fromAmount,
            srcInfos.minBridgeAmount,
            payable(address(this)),
            src1inch.data
        );
    } else {
        // swap via WOOFi
        bridgeAmount = wooRouter.swap(
            srcInfos.fromToken,
            srcInfos.bridgeToken,
            srcInfos.fromAmount,
            srcInfos.minBridgeAmount,
            payable(address(this)),
            to
        );
    }
}
```

## Recommendation

Implement slippage control for local swaps on the source chain to protect users from unfavorable exchange rates. Introduce a `srcSwapSlippage` variable representing the maximum allowable slippage percentage. Calculate the minimum acceptable amount of `bridgeToken` (`srcMinBridgeAmount`) based on this slippage tolerance before performing the swap:

```solidity
uint256 srcSwapSlippage = 100; // Example slippage tolerance: 1%
uint256 srcMinBridgeAmount = (srcInfos.fromAmount * (10000 - srcSwapSlippage)) / 10000;

// Then, use srcMinBridgeAmount as the minimum acceptable amount for the swap operation.
```

This adjustment ensures that the swap operation only succeeds if the slippage is within the user-defined tolerance, offering better protection against market volatility and improving the overall user experience.