Jumpy Seaweed Haddock

high

# New AMM Formula Means Splitting Order's Gives Better Prices And Vice Versa

## Summary

One recent change to the AMM forumla: removing the `2*` before `k`, introduces a new harmful property - that traders who split a single trade into multiple small trades (even when no other transactions happen in between) get a better price.

## Vulnerability Detail

In basically all AMM's such as Uniswap constant product invariant (x * y), the stableswap invariant (x+y), Curve and Uniswap v3 ALL have the property that the price that a trader gets for tokens is halfway* between the new price.

For example, in "normal AMM's":

Price = 100
New Price After Trade: 102
Trader's price ~=  101 (approximate midpoint 100 and 102)

_* not exactly halfway as some AMM curves are non-linear. But for small slippage swaps, the curve becomes close-to-linear, analagous to how in calculus a curve can be represented as a line when measured over a very small `delta x`._

Woofi's previous formula had this property too. However, there was a recent change which makes it not true anymore. In the [WooFi Math Model PDF](https://discord.com/channels/812037309376495636/1217124971139174481/1217364277955002378), you can see the "fix" changed the price impact to be half of the formula they used before - they removed the `2*` before the `k`

```solidity
oracle.postPrice(
    base, price * (1 - 2 * k * price * baseAmount) // current
    // fix: price * (1 - k * price * baseAmount)
)
```

I temporarily removed the `oracle.spread` to make it easier to reason about WooFi's new AMM forumla:

```solidity
//quoteAmount = baseAmount * oracle.price * (1 - oracle.k * baseAmount * oracle.price)

...

// newPrice = oracle.price * (1 - k * baseAmount * oracle.price)
```

We can observe here that the `quoteAmoun`t is basically the `baseAmount * newPrice`. Another way to word is this is (without spread): 

**"In Woofi's old fomula, the trader's price is around halfway between the old and new price. In the updated formula, new price is the same as the price that the trader gets for selling tokens"** .

The problem with this is that user's get better prices by splitting trades into multiple smaller trades.

For example, not splitting the trade:

- Trader makes a trade pushing price from `100` to `102`. They pay `102` for the token.

Splitting the trade:

- Trader splits the trade and trades half the tokens which pushes price to `101`. They pay a price of `101` for that trade. Then their second trade pushes the price to `102`. They pay a price of `102` for that trade.

Note that when splitting the trade, they payed roughly `101.5` per token, and when not splitting they paid `102`.

This trade splitting is not more profitable with the old formula which basically has the price as the midpoint.

Now the `spread` changes this logic slightly, because the `spread` inherently disincentivises splitting into multiple trades. However, the spread is generally less than `0.1%`, and the splitting would be preferable when `gamma` is much larger than the spread.

**Mathematical Proof/Example**

This proof includes spread and compares the results of trading 1000 base tokens vs trading 500 tokens twice in a row. Trading twice in a row gives more tokens (99152) than the single swap (98900).

```solidity

//starting pool state
price = 100
k = 1e-7
spread = 0.001


//for single swap
baseAmount = 1000

//substitute values into gamma equation
gamma = baseAmount * price * k
= 0.01


quoteAmount = 100 * (1 - 0.01 - 0.001) * 1000
= 98900 //this is amount of quote token for selling 1000 base tokens

//BELOW WE ARE CALCULATING RESULTS FOR 2 swaps
//for two swaps

baseAmount = 500
price = 100
k = 0.01

gammaFirstSwap = 0.005

quoteAmountFirstSwap = 100 * (1 - 0.01 - 0.001) * 1000
= 100 * (1 - 0.005 - 0.001) * 500
= 49700

newPrice = (1 - 0.005) * 100
 = 99.5

//sub price of 99.5 into equation for second swap
gammaSecondSwap = 500 * 99.5 * 1e-7
 = 0.004975
                
quoteAmountSecondSwap = 99.5 * (1 - 0.004975 - 0.001) * 500
= 49452

//this is higher than the quoteAmount for not splitting, which was 98900
totalQuoteForSplittingSwaps = 99152

            
```

As the maths example shows, the swap splitting got a better price, due to the cheaper price obtained in the first swap! This logic can be extended further by splitting each swap into 2 more and so on, eg. splitting 1 swap into 16 swaps for even better prices.

## Impact

Traders are forced to split their transactions into multiple very small transactions to get the best price on a trade, especially on low gas networks. If users are unaware of this quirk of the formula, they get worse prices than traders and arbitrageurs that do know about it. This also causes a large amount of funds to be wasted to gas by traders splitting trades into many orders.

The losers here are the "normal non-splitting users" who comparatively unoptimal prices, and the WooFi liquidity provider (access controlled) who have people being able to arbitrage with better prices through splitting. Alot of tokens will be wasted to paying gas for splitting trades into multiple consecutive orders.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/main/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L601-L619

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The previous formula did not have this problem/vulnerability. I am skeptical whether "removing the 2*k" is a fundamental fix to the original WooFi exploit, and would reccomend changing this part of the forumla back to the original "2*k" while retaining the other safeguards.