Mammoth Watermelon Dog

high

# Protocol balance can be drained due to incorrect decimal scaling on destination chain

## Summary
Destination chain does not de-scale token decimals which allows an attacker to drain the contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
When a user wants to bridge `ERC-20` tokens without making any swaps neither on source, nor on destination chain the `crossSwap()` function first [transfers them in](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L92-L93), then after deducting a fee, calls to [bridge by StarGate](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L141). When [encoding the payload for the bridge](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L237), the amount to bridge is encoded from the `dstInfos.minToAmount`:

```solidity
        bytes memory payload = abi.encode(refId, to, dstInfos.toToken, dstInfos.minToAmount, dst1inch);
```

Next, when the tokens are bridged to the destination and [the payload is decoded](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L168-L171), if the received token is `ERC-20`, the [following](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L385-L495) function is called to send the funds to the final `_to` address. We can see that if the final `toToken` is the same as the `bridgedToken` (no swap requested on dst), the same amount of tokens that we sent are directly transferred to the `_to` address:

```solidity
        if (toToken == bridgedToken) {
            TransferHelper.safeTransfer(bridgedToken, to, bridgedAmount);
```

The first issue is that there is no scaling/de-scaling of token decimals when the tokens are received on the destination chain. The 2nd problem is that the protocol is deployed on `BSC` chain where [USDC](https://bscscan.com/token/0x8ac76a51cc950d9822d68b83fe1ad97b32cd580d#readProxyContract) has 18 decimals, whilst on mainnet and most other chains it only has 6 decimals.

This allows for an attacker to bridge source token `USDC 1e18` from BSC chain to another chain where it is `USDC 1e6`, but since there is no adjustment to the decimals on the destination chain (whilst 1 BSC USDC == 1 mainnet USDC == 1$), the end receiving `_to` address will receive `1 ** (srcDecimals - dstDecimals)` excess profit which will be from any tokens available in the contract acrrued from fees or else.

This also works the same way in reverse, where users bridging `USDC` from most chains to BSC, will receive significantly less tokens due to non scaled decimals. In both cases it is a direct loss of funds for protocol and/or users.
## Impact
Direct loss of funds to protocol and/or users.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
        if (toToken == bridgedToken) {
            TransferHelper.safeTransfer(bridgedToken, to, bridgedAmount);
```
## Tool used
Manual Review
## Recommendation
Apply scaling/de-scaling of token decimals where it is needed.