Icy Denim Cougar

medium

# If sequencer is down the stale chainlink price can be used to facilitate swaps

## Summary
When sequencer is down users can interact with the pools in L2's from L1. Since there are no sequencer uptime checks on swap functionality and the swaps are heavily dependent on external oracles which are meant to be frequently updated on-chain via privileged roles, the stale oracle price can be used. This can lead to serious losses if the price moves when the sequencer is down. 
## Vulnerability Detail
Assume that WETH is the base token in the ARB WOO pool, with a current price of $4000. Additionally, Chainlink price feed being preferred for this base token. This implies that if the Woo oracle is stale, the Chainlink price will be used for the swap.

Suppose the ARB sequencer goes offline for a day, during which time the price of WETH drops to $3500. If a user initiates a swap from L1 during this period, since the sequencer is down, the latest Chainlink price of $4000 will be used. When the sequencer comes back online, the swap will be executed at the price of $4000, even though the actual price is $3500. As a result, the user will have a significant advantage and will be able to purchase the tokens at a lower price.

## Impact
Although this issue looks like a "Chainlink uptime sequencer check validation" it is actually more serious than that. If the sequencer is down users can initiate "swaps" and the stale price would be used if the chainlink price is preffered.  
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/wooracle/WooracleV2_2.sol#L243-L260

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/wooracle/WooracleV2_2.sol#L348-L369

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L152-L170
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
add a modifier to the "swap" function and check whether the sequencer is up or not.