Silly Chrome Elephant

high

# Incorrect Token Valuation Leads to Arbitrage Opportunities

## Summary

The code treats all tokens as having equal value, disregarding their actual market value. This creates potential for arbitrage attacks.
Depositing 1M DAI would get the same share as depositing 1M USDT. User can withdraw their share in another token.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability lies in the lack of proper value accounting for different tokens within the deposit function. The protocol accepts any token deposit and updates the token reserve without considering the token's real-world value. This means that tokens with different values are treated equivalently in terms of the shares issued to the depositor.

Given the possibility of a flashloan attack, I consider this a high-risk issue.

## Impact

This vulnerability exposes the protocol to arbitrage attacks where an attacker can deposit a lower-value token and withdraw a higher-value one, exploiting the difference in value. This can lead to significant financial loss for the protocol and its users

## Code Snippet

[deposit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/main/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L255-L264)

```solidity
    function deposit(address token, uint256 amount) public override nonReentrant onlyAdmin {
        uint256 balanceBefore = balance(token);
        TransferHelper.safeTransferFrom(token, msg.sender, address(this), amount);
        uint256 amountReceived = balance(token) - balanceBefore;
        require(amountReceived >= amount, "AMOUNT_INSUFF");


        tokenInfos[token].reserve = uint192(tokenInfos[token].reserve + amount);


        emit Deposit(token, msg.sender, amount);
    }
```

[withdraw](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/main/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L308-L313)
```solidity
function withdraw(address token, uint256 amount) public nonReentrant onlyAdmin {
        require(tokenInfos[token].reserve >= amount, "WooPPV2: !amount");
        tokenInfos[token].reserve = uint192(tokenInfos[token].reserve - amount);
        TransferHelper.safeTransfer(token, owner(), amount);
        emit Withdraw(token, owner(), amount);
    }
```

## Tool used

in-house tool

## Recommendation

- Price Oracles: Integrate reliable price oracles (e.g., Chainlink) to determine the market value of tokens during deposits and withdrawals. Use this value to calculate shares more accurately.

- Token-Specific Vaults: Create separate vaults for tokens with significantly different value fluctuations. This isolates the risk of arbitrage.
