Brilliant Coal Badger

medium

# Medium5-CrossChainWETHSwapFeesChargedUnnecesarily

### by [CarlosAlegreUr](https://github.com/CarlosAlegreUr)

## Summary

When doing a cross-chain transfer with any valid `fromToken`, using `sgETH` as `bridgeToken` and **WETH** as `toToken` via the
`WooRouterV2` swap on destination chain. The user is charged an unnecessary fee. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When receiving a cross-chain swap trhough `sgReceive()` at `WooCrossChainRouterV4`, if the `bridgeToken` is **sgETH** then the `_handleNativeReceived()` will be called. This function if `toToken != ETH_PLACEHOLDER_ADDR` will perform a swap to change the eth used as `bridgeToken` for the `toToken` using, for example, the very same `WooRouterV2`. And for exchanging ETH it needs to be wrapped up as **WETH** which it does by calling `IWETH(weth).deposit{value: bridgedAmount}();`.

The problem comes when the `toToken` desired is **WETH**, then a ***WETH to WETH*** swap will be carried out by the `WooRouterV2` which will result in a fee being charged to the user due to a swap which makes no sense but would execute. So the user is losing unnecessary unexpected money.

You can see that `WooRouterV2` allows for swaps where `from` and `to` tokens are the same token exeuting the following code:

<details>
<summary>See swap the same `from` and `to` tokens via WooRouterV2 👁️</summary>

To run the code copy paste it inside the `./test/typesript/WooRouterV2.test.sol` file, then inside the `describe("Swap Functions", () => {})`, and then after the `beforeEach("Deploy WooRouterV2", async () => {})`, and then run:

```bash
npx hardhat test test/typescript/WooRouterV2.test.ts
```

```typescript
    it.only("swap btc -> btc", async () => {
      await btcToken.mint(user.address, ONE.mul(5));
      console.log("POOL BTC BALANCE", await utils.formatEther(await btcToken.balanceOf(wooPP.address)));
      console.log("Swap: btc -> btc");
      const fromAmount = ONE.mul(2);
      const minToAmount = ONE.mul(1);
      await btcToken.connect(user).approve(wooRouter.address, fromAmount);
      await wooRouter
        .connect(user)
        .swap(btcToken.address, btcToken.address, fromAmount, minToAmount, user.address, ZERO_ADDR);
      console.log("POOL BTC BALANCE", await utils.formatEther(await btcToken.balanceOf(wooPP.address)));
      console.log("That means from the 2 BTC user sent only 0.002 were left as fee.");
      console.log("What matters for our issue is that the tx succeeded and a fee was taken.");
    });
```

</details>

> 📘 **Note** ℹ️: The cross-chain tx described is feasible as there is no kind of `require(toToken != WETH && brdigeToken != sgETH)` anywhere.

> 🚧 **Note** ⚠️: I'm not sure what would happen if choosing **1inch** option. If the swaps go through this problem would apply. But if the tx reverts this problem wouldn't apply as the swapping fee of **1inch** wouldn't be applied and the transfer of `bridgeAmount`
would take place as expected. Due to personal lack of time I let this question open. Anyway the recommendation proposed would fix the problem too in case **1inch** also allows execution of the unnecessary swap.

## Impact

Users lose unnecessary money when doing a cross-chain transfer with `sgETH` as `bridgeToken` and **WETH** as `toToken` via the `WooRouterV2` swap on detination chain.

## Code Snippet

- [_handleNativeReceived() deposit WETH to later perform swap](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/main/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L299)

- [_handleNativeReceived() can execute swap through router](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/main/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L349)


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

At `_handleNativeReceived()`. In the case of bridging with **sgETH**, after the  `if(toToken == ETH_PLACEHOLDER_ADDR){}`, add an extra if that checks if **toToken != WETH**, and if they are indeed different proceed with the swap.

```diff
       if (toToken == ETH_PLACEHOLDER_ADDR) {
         // code for when no swap required...
        }

        IWETH(weth).deposit{value: bridgedAmount}();

+       if (toToken != WETH) {
            // Swap required!
            // Swap logic...
+        }else{
+           // send the WETH
+       }
```

            