Icy Denim Cougar

medium

# Quote token prices might need to be updated after every swap

## Summary
When swaps happens the base tokens price is updated in the WoofiOracle. However, the quote tokens price is never updated. If the quote token is a low liquidity token or the pool itself is the most liquid market for the quote token, then the swaps can use the same prices of quote token.
## Vulnerability Detail
There can be two cases as I think of, for both cases assume the following prices:
1 WOO token is 1$, 1 WETH is 4000$, 1 WBTC is 60K$:

1- Assume the quote token is WOO token, which is not the best liquid token for a pools quote token:
UserA sells 100WETH and the price that be used will be 4000 WOO per ETH. After the swap, the price of WETH in terms of WOO is updated in oracle as expected. 
UserB sells 10WBTC and the price that be used will be 60_000 WOO per WBTC. So basically, the same price of WOO 1$ will be used. Although the previous swap affected the WOO token price aswell.
In result, someone can use the same WOO price (1$) and sell many different tokens to pool. 

2- Assume the quote token is USDC token but the main liquidity for USDC in the chain is the Woo pool itself. 
UserA sells 100_000 USDT and the price is 1 USDC per USDT. After the swap, the price of WETH in terms of USDC is updated in oracle as expected. 
UserB sells 100WETH and the price that be used will be 4000 USDC per ETH. After the swap, the price of WETH in terms of USDC is updated in oracle as expected. 
UserC sells 10WBTC and the price that be used will be 60_000 USDC per WBTC. So basically, the same price of USDC 1$ will be used. Although the previous swap affected the USDC token market price aswell.
In result, someone can use the same USDC price (1$) and sell many different tokens to pool. 

## Impact
**Any token** can be used as quote token and if quote token is picked as a token that demonstrated in above examples, then the AMM will allow trades to happen in same price of the quote token.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L591-L648
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the quote tokens price aswell OR be aware of the quote tokens market share 