Fun Yellow Kookaburra

high

# Gamma/slippage can be used to increase the price of a base token significantly in `WooPPV2::_calcBaseAmountSellQuote()` for more base tokens

## Summary
An attacker can weaponize the newPrice calculation, which is manipulatable using slippage to drive price upwards to a desired value.

## Vulnerability Detail
During a quoteToken to baseToken swap in [`WooPPV2::_calcBaseAmountSellQuote()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L621C5-L648C6), the baseAmount is calculated for the swap and the new price that is posted for the baseToken is calculated as well. The focus here is the price, so let's examine how the new price that is posted is calculated:

```solidity
    function _calcBaseAmountSellQuote(
        address baseToken,
        uint256 quoteAmount,
        IWooracleV2.State memory state
    ) private view returns (uint256 baseAmount, uint256 newPrice) {
        .....................
        newPrice = (uint256(1e18) * state.price) / (uint256(1e18) - gamma);
    }
```

if we reverse engineer this formula for newPrice, we can derive the formula for which, with the current price and the new desired price, we can get the gamma that produces the new price.

Original Formula: newPrice = (uint256(1e18) * state.price) / (uint256(1e18) - gamma);

Derived formula: Gamma = Gamma = ((uint256(1e18) * newPrice) - (uint256(1e18) * state.price)) / newPrice

This formula calculates how much slippage I need to entertain to drive down the price to newPrice level.

gamma is also calculated as follows:

```solidity
    function _calcBaseAmountSellQuote(
        address baseToken,
        uint256 quoteAmount,
        IWooracleV2.State memory state
    ) private view returns (uint256 baseAmount, uint256 newPrice) {
        .....................
        gamma = (quoteAmount * state.coeff) / decs.quoteDec;
        .....................
    }
```

To reach our desired slippage value, we need to know what baseAmount to provide to reach that value. The gamma formula can also be refactored to achieve this, as shown below:

Original Formula: gamma = (quoteAmount * state.coeff) / decs.quoteDec;

Derived Formula: quoteAmount = (gamma * decs.quoteDec) / state.coeff;

The higher the gamma calculated, the higher the price goes. Then, with all of this, all an attacker has to do is plug in the values into derived formula 1 to get gamma, and that gamma is inputted in derived formula 2. now we've figured out what quote amount we need to swap to drive the price to whatever level we want.

## Impact
To execute this attack, the attacker has to do the following:

1. Use the derived gamma formula to determine the gamma needed to reach the desired price.

2. Use the gamma calculated in (1) to determine the quote amount needed to reach the calculated gamma. Be mindful of the maximum notional swap value/restriction.

3. Execute the quote token-to-base token swap with the base amount calculated in (2) to drive the price to the desired level.

4. Once that is completed, execute the base-to-quote token swap at the new price with as many base tokens as needed for more quote tokens than the user would have gotten at the regular price swap.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    WooPPV2::_calcBaseAmountSellQuote()
    function _calcBaseAmountSellQuote(
        address baseToken,
        uint256 quoteAmount,
        IWooracleV2.State memory state
    ) private view returns (uint256 baseAmount, uint256 newPrice) {
        require(state.woFeasible, "WooPPV2: !ORACLE_FEASIBLE");

        DecimalInfo memory decs = decimalInfo(baseToken);

        uint256 gamma;
        {
            require(quoteAmount <= tokenInfos[baseToken].maxNotionalSwap, "WooPPV2: !maxNotionalValue");

            gamma = (quoteAmount * state.coeff) / decs.quoteDec;
            require(gamma <= tokenInfos[baseToken].maxGamma, "WooPPV2: !gamma");

            baseAmount =
                (((quoteAmount * decs.baseDec * decs.priceDec) / state.price) *
                    (uint256(1e18) - gamma - state.spread)) /
                1e18 /
                decs.quoteDec;
        }

        newPrice = (uint256(1e18) * state.price) / (uint256(1e18) - gamma);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Review the price calculations in `WooPPV2::_calcBaseAmountSellQuote()`