Icy Denim Cougar

medium

# Crosschain swaps can't direct `rebateTo` properly

## Summary
The `rebateTo` field is utilized to determine the WooFi router responsible for routing trades for users. According to the documentation, the swap fee is shared with the `rebateTo` addresses, which are indexed off-chain. However, in cross-chain swaps, the `rebateTo` address is not controllable and defaults to the "to" address, which is the address that receives the funds. Therefore, the `rebateTo` address cannot be plugged in as the WooFi broker.
## Vulnerability Detail
As stated in the docs the `rebateTo` address is the WooFi broker that routes trades of users. Crosschain router can execute a local WooPool swap as we can see here:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L114-L122

However, the `rebateTo` address is passed as "to" which is the address that will receive the funds in the destination chain, hence it can't be the brokers address. 


## Impact
From docs:
"WOOFi rebates 20% of its swap fee in stablecoins to the broker who routes the trades to it."

Brokers who routes trades of users via Crosschain swaps will not be able to receive the shared swap fees due to `rebateTo` can't be set to their address.

Consequently, the cross chain swaps can't use the correct `rebateTo` address and the broker will not be eligible for the swap fee revenue share. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/CrossChain/WooCrossChainRouterV4.sol#L114-L121

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-woofi-swap/blob/65185691c91541e33f84b77d4c6290182f137092/WooPoolV2/contracts/WooPPV2.sol#L152-L170
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add an extra argument to the cross chain swap as "rebateTo" just like the router.